Previously on
"Sons of Anarchy"...
This RICO case
will kill SAMCRO.
Anything you need, they'll
try and make it happen.
Jax is putting together
a care package for Otto.
It might be nice
to include something
that reminded him of Luann.
Perfume. It came
in a blue bottle.
- How's Rita?
- Didn't make it.
What happens to our deal?
We get you back
at the head of the table,
and we get a piece
of your end.
Supposed to put
pressure on Jax,
not a homicide
investigation on me.
Unser just called.
Greg and Gogo
tried to kill him.
- What about Frankie?
- I want money.
We ain't a bank. Drug money
comes from the Mayans.
Cash from the guns goes
straight to the Irish.
I got that. I got that.
It's about 130 cash,
couple of good watches.
This wasn't my idea, kid.
Clay promised us shit
he couldn't deliver.
You're driving.
Get on your knees.
Shit!
There's somebody else
talking to the Feds.
What do you want?
I want Frankie Diamonds
and anyone else responsible
for killing my wife.
And if I do?
Give them to me,
and I give you
the rat at your table.
[horn honks]
Clay lied about her
being run off the road.
She almost killed my kids!
Okay, the lie, that was
because she was scared.
Are you gonna tell her,
or should I?
Get out!
You want to fix
the damage you've done?
- Yes.
- Clay was the one
that put the Nomads
in motion.
I need proof.
You want me to spy on him?
I want you to be with him.
The dirty secrets
will start to flow
just like they always did.
What if I can't do that?
Then get used to living
in a brothel.
Daddy.
Wake up, Dad.
Hey, buddy.
How you feeling?
I'm hungry.
Okay.
What do you feel
like having?
Cookies.
Good choice.
Chocolate chip, a little
milk on the side?
Coming right up.
Black with sugar,
right?
Yeah, thanks.
You haven't said much
since your boy was here.
Yeah, he kind of leaves me
speechless these days.
Setting the rules
for Grandma.
Right.
How about you and Jax?
I'm off-limits.
Yeah, well, I'm a little
too old for dating rules.
I see who I want to see.
Is that what this is?
Are we seeing each other?
Yeah.
I see you, Gemma.
I got to get to the garage.
You know who I haven't seen
in a few days is Lucius.
And since my truck is MIA,
I was wondering,
maybe you want to give me
a ride, meet my boy?
Oh, I don't know
if that's a good idea.
Come on, he likes
to meet my friends,
especially
the pretty ones.
He's a bit of a player.
[chuckles]
I'll keep that in mind.
Yeah.
Okay.
Let me, um...
Let me just check in at TM,
and, uh, pick you up
around noon.
Cool.
I appreciate that.
Mm-hmm.
How does that happen?
I thought
you vetted your guys.
Prospects and shit.
You know how it is.
Guys get lazy, greedy.
Piss all over loyalties.
Yeah. You think
Frankie reached out
to one of the families?
Well, he was muscle for the
Gambinos back in Rockaway.
He's still got ties.
He ain't in Oakland,
or I'd know about it.
He probably reached out
to someone
in Rizzi's
or Pirelli's crew.
Means he's in Reno,
up in the lakes.
Donation for the Cacuzza
charity fund.
And, uh, a case of Glocks
for your troubles.
Yeah, that works.
I'll dig in.
Good morning.
Morning.
I just got a call from
the CDCR supervisor.
They want you
to check in with Stockton.
They say why?
No, just that it
was urgent.
Okay, thanks.
Oh, I also changed
your insurance status.
You still had yourself
listed as single.
Jax and Abel are covered
under your insurance now.
Great. Thank you.
I just got off the phone
with Stockton.
Their primaries
are down with the flu,
and they asked if I could
come in this afternoon.
No, babe, come on.
Let's wait till Abel's home.
You got enough on your plate.
We might have a problem.
There was never
any documentation
of my connection
to the club.
All my records here,
I'm single.
But Margaret just updated
my insurance status
to cover Abel's stay.
Oh.
Shit.
It might be
just a matter of time
before the CDCR flag
that I'm, you know,
married to a felon.
I should go.
Try again.
[phone ringing]
[ringing continues]
[sighs]
Yeah. Okay.
Hey, what's up?
Oh, shit.
Thanks, brother.
All right, yeah.
I'm on my way.
Bobby picked up Chibs.
Oh, thank God.
[sighs]
All right, I want Rat
to go with you to Stockton.
Stay in touch?
Okay.
You good?
- Mm-hmm.
- All right.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
Hey.
The prodigal Scot.
Oh, man.
Thank God
you're all right, man.
What happened?
Frankie, he dumped me
out on the 99.
I really thought he was
gonna put a bullet
in the back of my head.
Some trucker found me.
Check this out.
Jesus Christ, man.
Did you see anything?
Uh-uh. Too dark.
White SUV.
I couldn't see faces,
plates.
Somebody's helping him.
Seems to be heading north,
maybe breaking for Canada.
No, Tahoe.
Just talked to Quinn.
He found Frankie.
Well, let's go. Come on.
Quinn says Frankie's
in South Tahoe,
hooked up
with Leo Pirelli's crew.
He's bought himself
some mob protection.
Is that solid intel?
'Cause I'm a little cautious
when it comes
to Nomad integrity.
Quinn knows every pimp and
hooker in a 300-mile radius.
Frankie still likes them
young and slanted.
Yeah, pussy tells all.
All right, give him a call
when we break.
Tell him we're on our way.
Make sure it's real.
Bobby:
Leo runs book and poker clubs.
It's a quiet crew, man.
Maybe Cacuzza could reach out,
explain our situation.
Do this the easy way.
Yeah.
I can call Jimmy.
What happens
when we find Frankie?
We cut his head off.
First we press him
on the attacks,
find out who's
calling the shots.
Let's vote this shit.
Okay, we all know what Frankie
did to compromise the club.
Vote's got to be unanimous.
All in favor
of stripping his patch.
- Yea.
- Yeah.
- Aye.
- Yea.
Yea.
As far as Mr. Mayhem goes...
let's hear pros and cons.
He tried to kill you.
That would be a pro.
We only got the word
of a non-member.
Gogo and Greg
tried to kill Unser.
Nomads were on a spree.
Yeah, and he shot Lyla,
tried to whack me.
Right.
Frankie's made his bed,
Jackie.
Anyone else?
Okay.
All in favor
of Frankie Diamonds
meeting Mr. Mayhem.
- Aye.
- Yea.
Yeah.
Yea.
- Yea.
- Yeah.
Yea.
Okay, let's find him.
We can't kill Frankie.
Roosevelt, last night,
made me an offer.
He knows all about you,
Otto and RICO.
He said we got a rat
at our table.
Someone gave up intel
on Galindo.
Christ.
He wants to trade him
for Frankie.
Do you believe him?
Eli must've been working
with the U.S. Attorney.
He knows something.
So how do we make that
work?
First, we gotta make sure
Clay doesn't get to Frankie
before we do.
'Cause he is gonna blow
his goddamn head off.
Yeah, well, how do we stop the
rest of them from doing that?
When we find Frankie,
I insist
on pulling the trigger.
Then you and me
split off to do the kill.
We take him someplace
the sheriff can intercept.
That's a lot of moves.
That's a lot of lies.
What do you suggest, VP?
I know.
Club going on a run?
Yep. Tahoe.
Looking
for the lost Nomad.
You riding?
I'm gonna try.
I got Juice in the van.
Be careful.
Hey, uh, I just got
a call from Skeeter.
He's got Nero's whore
set aside.
You know, her ashes.
Oh. Okay.
Hey, um...
Thanks again
for handling all that.
You're welcome.
You get hold of Cacuzza?
Left word.
♪ There's something
in sight ♪
♪ That burns like a fire ♪
♪ And then you realize
you've been blessed ♪
♪ With one hell of a desire ♪
♪ Gimme your heart ♪
♪ Gimme your soul ♪
♪ I take you
when you're young ♪
♪ The Devil in Miss Jones ♪
Dr. Knowles, Pamela Toric.
I'm your charge nurse today.
- Oh.
- Thanks for filling in.
We're like blind babies
in a beehive here.
Oh, no problem.
I was going through
your follow-up requests.
See Otto Delaney
came in for staph.
He was prescribed
methicillin.
So why do you need
to see him again?
Uh, he was very
sensitive to light.
I'm afraid the staph might be
a precursor to meningitis.
Shit. Okay.
Bring him in
and order the tests.
I'm around if you need me.
Thanks.
How they doing?
Ah, I should've brought
the cortisone.
Anything we can do?
No.
You okay?
Lung's holding up.
My goddamn hands.
Hop in the van.
Let Phil ride it out.
Sorry, Clay.
[phone rings]
Clay: Yeah.
Thanks.
I appreciate that.
That was Cacuzza.
Pirelli's got a fishing
cabin up at Lake Cascade.
Uses it as a stash house.
They think he's got
Frankie there.
Cool. Let's catch up
with the guys.
Let's you and me vet it out,
see if it's real.
Let 'em stay
on the poker club.
Hey. I just had to pass off
my goddamn ride.
Let me do something
useful here, Juice.
Yeah, okay.
Why'd you jump back in
if you knew you wanted out?
I tried to play it straight
when I first got out.
Ex-junkie, ex-con.
Those, uh, six-figure offers
were kind of slim.
It's hard to be a land baron
on minimum wage.
Exactly.
What about you, mama?
Being an old lady's
your life's ambition?
My only ambition
was to keep moving.
Hooked up with JT
when I was 18.
Bad boy thing, huh?
Yeah, I was all in
from that first ride.
Knocked up two months later.
Mm.
Hey, Lucius,
your dad's here.
Hey!
I missed you, mijo.
I want you to meet
my friend Gemma.
Hi, Lucius.
Hi.
She really is pretty.
[laughs] Wow.
Your dad's right.
You're a player.
- Quinn!
- Hey, brother.
- Sorry about Ope.
- What's up, bro?
- A long time.
- Yeah.
What's up, Bobby?
Come on.
Pirelli's inside.
Hey,
what do you guys need?
We're just looking around,
big fella.
Yeah, we're a quiet place.
Gotta do it
without the patches.
Hey, take it easy.
We're just here
to see Pirelli, okay?
Hey, call his office
and make an appointment.
That's Leo right there.
Leo!
You made a bad mistake
helping Frankie Diamonds, man.
Out. Move!
Hey, hey.
What the hell is wrong
with you guys?
Somebody sneezes,
you throw a fist?
How do you get
any business done?
Johnny Goombah
put up hands first.
- Aw, screw this.
- Hey, hey!
Enough. Enough!
Okay, so you got
my attention.
Frankie Diamonds.
Leo, we know you're helping
him get out of the States.
You don't know shit.
You know, Frankie Diamonds
stole half a million dollars
from me and my associates.
He's using our cash
to bankroll his exit.
If you think we're noisy,
wait till the cartel
and the IRA come knocking.
Machetes
and grenade launchers?
They can spill
a few stacks of chips.
We just want Frankie.
You can even keep the cash.
Make a call.
Follow us.
But if you're telling me
a story, kid,
this ain't gonna be such
a beautiful, sunshiny day
here in the splendor
of the lakes.
You understand?
Not exactly, but I think
I get the point.
Restraints?
Mr. Delaney likes to stick
shit in people's ears.
Be careful.
I'll send someone in to do
the blood and the CT's.
Thanks.
Now I know why they've
been forcing antibiotics
down my throat.
You're a persistent
little gash.
Yes, I am.
I brought you something.
Why are you doing this?
To remind you
of the things you love.
I know why you want
to die, Otto.
It's not just
about losing Luann.
It's about the guilt you feel
turning on the club.
You a shrink now, too?
No.
I'm an old lady...
protecting my man,
just like Luann
would've done for you.
Put some on your wrist.
Please?
Closer.
[inhales sharply]
[door buzzes]
I need some blood, Otto.
Yeah, yeah, I got it.
No. Inside.
Bye.
Who was that, Leo?
Yeah.
I need you to be completely
honest, Frankie.
I been straight
with you guys.
I hope so.
'Cause if Leo found out
you were lying about the cash,
like maybe you got a lot more,
that would be bad.
What are you
talking about?
I gave you
a hundred and fifty.
That's all I got.
Somebody's
lying to you guys.
Okay.
Well, those somebodies
are on their way.
- I guess we'll--
- What?
Shit!
Somebody's here.
Juice, be careful.
Down!
Put the phone away,
Juice. We gotta do this.
Clay, Jax wants info
on Frankie.
Jax ain't here, Juice!
Cover the back.
Go!
Shit.
[engine revs]
[gunshot]
It's over, Frankie.
It wasn't me, Juice,
I swear.
Clay put this whole Nomad
shitstorm in motion.
You're a liar.
No, I ain't.
We stole his safe,
gave him back
all that legal shit.
Step away, Juice.
No! Not yet!
Frankie...
Lower the shotgun.
You piece of shit.
Well, here's Carla.
Thanks.
Damn.
It all comes down to this, huh?
Come in crying,
go out in Tupperware.
(Nero snorts)
You make me laugh, Gemma.
What do you want
to do with her?
Uh...
Come on.
This has got
to be bad luck.
No, no, no, this is,
this is genius, babe.
Carla, she always
wanted to be buried
in some fancy mausoleum.
Yeah, well,
hurry up, Houdini.
I don't want to get
nabbed for grave robbing.
You never broke into
one of these things
when you were a kid?
No, I'm not Tig.
Never mind.
Damn!
Almost.
Here.
I'm in.
Magic.
(Nero coughs)
Jesus!
The dead stink.
Yeah.
Been a while since
someone visited.
Yeah, that's 'cause
they're all in here.
No one's left.
All right, this shit's
creeping me out.
Can we dump
little sister, please?
Yeah.
Whew.
(speaks Spanish)
Please don't let that
ever be me.
All right.
Come on.
Not the way I wanted
this to happen.
I'm an idiot for
trusting Frankie.
Sometimes, I lean too much
on his guinea thing.
So how are we gonna
make this right?
Cover the damage on
the club and the cabin.
Guns, cash, don't matter.
I'll call it even.
Fair enough.
We okay?
Oh, great.
You got a van or
a truck I can borrow?
We gotta haul Frankie back.
Yeah.
Thanks, bro.
How'd you know where
Frankie was?
Cacuzza.
He called me as you guys
were pulling out.
Me and Juice wanted
to check it out
before we hit you up.
Make sure it was real.
It was real.
Clay:
Yeah.
Sorry about all the tests.
(Otto sighs)
(Tara sighs)
You need to recant
your statement, Otto.
Say you lied.
Do something to kill
this RICO case.
Where's the perfume?
I have it.
It's in my pocket.
Unhook my hand.
Just the right.
Please.
I'm not going to hurt you.
Come to me.
Hold my head.
Oh, I don't think
you should...
Please.
I just want to feel
a woman's hand on me...
one more time.
Please?
(Otto breathing heavily)
(Otto sobbing)
Shh.
Hey, thanks again
for the truck, man.
Anytime, bro. I'm here.
Cool.
What are you going to do
about Eli?
Deliver the third Nomad.
Oh, come on.
What, you gonna prop him up
in the front seat and play
"Weekend at Frankie's"?
I'm more concerned
what we do about him.
We got nothing, brother.
We know it was Clay.
Yeah, but we need
tangible evidence.
The guy who could
give it to us is dead.
If we take this to the club
with just Frankie's story,
sorry, Clay stays put.
And you look vindictive
and weak.
Yeah.
Will you pull some cash
for Skeeter?
I'll be back for Frankie
in a bit.
[knock on door]
You're back.
Did you see Otto?
Yes, I did.
What happened?
Uh, it was
just incredibly sad.
He was just
emotionally broken.
The perfume crushed him.
He was sobbing.
I think I got through to him.
Thank you for doing this.
(knocking)
Sorry to interrupt.
How did it go at Stockton?
Fine.
They need me all week.
Was hoping we could
work that out.
We should.
I'll get into it.
Good news.
Abel's been released.
Just need a few signatures.
That's great.
Thank you.
Oh. I got a call
from Karen Dunhill
at Providence Hospital.
Her Oregon team will be
down for the conference.
Wanted to know if
you were available.
She say why?
Probably about the offer.
I'll give her a call.
The Oregon offer's
still on the table?
I don't know.
Let's take the boys home.
(footsteps)
Skeeter's ash cash?
Yep.
(Clay groans)
Anything I should know, VP?
About?
My future.
I don't know.
You got something
you want to share?
My conscience is clear.
Yeah?
That was something
that never got in your way.
Where do you think
he ends up?
Jax?
He's making good choices.
Yeah.
And the better they are,
the more familiar
he'll feel.
He ain't you.
Oh, it ain't about me.
It's about that seat.
I know how much
you want it back.
(Clay snorts)
Yeah, I thought I did.
That why you set
the Nomads in motion?
If that was a real threat,
you wouldn't be
lobbing it at me
as I walked out the door.
I really hope you're
as smart as you think you are.
I am tired
of burning friends.
Me, too.
(door opens)
What are you doing here?
Figured I should
return my house key.
I'll put him down.
Go back to sleep.
That it?
No.
Sit down.
Please.
I can count the times
I've been really happy
on one hand.
You and your brother...
Abel and Thomas.
I know.
I like Nero, Jax.
I haven't felt...
light in a very long time.
(footsteps approach)
The thing you
want me to do...
with Clay?
I can't do both.
And you're right.
We lay down together,
things get old and familiar.
If I'm gonna go back
to that place...
I need to know that what
you promised is real.
It's real.
Not from you.
From her.
I'm aware what Jax
asked you to do.
And if you help him get
what he needs from Clay,
you can have
that key back.
And the family
that goes with it.
You good?
No, Son.
I'm really not.
I'll be home
in a couple hours.
Hold that thought.
I'm here.
Hey.
Coffee's hot.
Oh, okay.
Thanks.
I can get cleaned up.
Maybe we can grab some dinner?
Not really hungry.
Okay.
What's going on?
Sit down.
(birds chirping)
My new friends.
I was gonna get
some fish or something.
Then I saw you had
this thing for birds.
You did this for me?
Well, Lyla picked them out.
Lovebirds. Too
on the nose, right?
No.
They're beautiful.
Thank you.
So what's going on?
I'm exhausted.
I need to, uh,
I need to go home,
soak in a tub.
Sleep for a couple of days.
That's a good idea.
I'm here.
(birds chirping)
♪♪
Put your hands on the hood.
Really?
A cop meeting
a violent felon
on a dark road in
the middle of the woods.
Call me cautious.
Good point.
.45 in the cut.
Wearing colors,
carrying a weapon.
Some serious
parole violations.
Good thing you're off duty.
That's not for me, is it?
No.
It's for Frankie.
Is he in there?
Yep.
He's in the back.
Jesus Christ.
This is not what I wanted!
Me neither.
Frankie pissed off
a lot of people.
This happened before
we could get to him.
It wasn't us.
So what the hell am I
supposed to do with him?
You tell me.
He's been dead too long
to stage a kill.
Maybe you find him
in Chigger Woods.
Or I can handle it.
Shit.
What the hell am I doing?
Get out of here.
Who's the rat?
I'm not doing this.
I'm not gonna be responsible
for another dead body.
Too late.
I know it wasn't me
or Bobby.
Chibs, Tig, Happy,
they'd cut their own hearts out
before they'd talk to the cops.
Phil, the prospects,
don't know dick.
Clay, not enough upside
for him to rat.
Only leaves one guy.
A guy who tried to hang himself
a few months back.
You know, he had no choice.
We always have a choice.
So what happens to him now?
(doorbell rings)
Hey.
I thought you might need
a little relief after the run.
Sure, that'd be great.
♪ So tell me who
you're thinking of ♪
♪ Out there beyond the-- ♪
My hands missed you.
Sit.
♪ Take your pictures
on the wall ♪
♪ With heavy hands,
starts to fall ♪
Cables are good.
I'll have Wade check
the discs tomorrow.
Thanks, Juicy.
♪♪
♪ I know you think
you can get away ♪
♪ It's about time
for sonic wave ♪
♪ But shooting blanks
is all the same ♪
♪ There's no one allowed
to change your name ♪
♪ Saying this is who we are ♪